# Calculation and prediction of CSS
We proposed a novel experimental design to enable a more cost-effective testing of synergy and sensitivity for a drug pair. First, the dose-response curve for each single drug is determined. Then the drug at its IC50 concentration is combined with the other drug at multiple doses, generating an IC50-based dose-response curve for the drug pair. We developed a drug combination sensitivi-ty score (CSS) to summarize the dose-response curves. Using high-throughput drug combination data from cancer cell lines, we showed that the CSS is highly reproducible among the replicates. With machine learning approaches such as elastic net, random forests and support vector ma-chines, the CSS can also be predicted at high accuracy using features including drug-target in-teraction profiles and structural fingerprints. Furthermore, we derived a synergy score based on the difference between the drug combination and the single drug dose-response curves. We showed that the CSS-based synergy score is able to detect true synergistic and antagonistic drug combinations. The IC50-based experimental design coupled with the CSS scoring facilitated the evaluation of drug combination sensitivity and synergy using the same unit, with minimal ex-perimental material that is required to achieve sufficient prediction accuracy. The experimental and computational strategy could be utilized as an efficient platform for improving the discovery rate in high-throughput drug combination screening. 
# Citation
If you used our work and found the provided data helpful please cite:
Drug combination sensitivity scoring facilitates the discovery of synergistic and efficacious drug combinations in cancer. Bioinformatics. 
